I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
My Birthday Party!
It is Peppa's Birthday.
It is very early in the morning.
It's my birthday!
George! Wake up! It's my birthday!
I'm going to have a party!
And Daddy is doing
a magic show!
Quick, George! Let's Wake
Mummy and Daddy up!
Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig
are still fast asleep.
Wake up, it's my birthday!
Wake up!
Oof! Eh?
What time is it?
It's very late.
It's five o'clock in the morning.
Yes! The Whole day is going!
Ok, let's get your birthday started!
Yippee!
Mummy Pig, Daddy Pig, and George
are giving Peppa her birthday present.
Happy birthday, Peppa!
What is it?
A doll's dress!
I can put it on Teddy!
Thank you, everyone!
You're Welcome, Peppa.
I didn't know
Teddy Was a girl teddy.
Oh, Daddy, of course
Teddy's a girl.
I love my new dress.
Thank you, everyone.
You're Welcome, Teddy.
Don't get it dirty.
Do you know What's
happening next, Peppa?
Yes, my friends are coming
for my birthday party,
and Daddy is doing
a magic show!
No one Will know
the magician is your daddy.
You Will introduce me as,
''The Amazing Mysterio!''
''The Mazy Misty-O.''
Yes, ''The Amazing Mysterio!''
Daddy's been practicing
his magic tricks all Week!
My friends are here!
Yippee!
Here are Peppa's friends,
Candy Cat, Suzy Sheep, Danny Dog,
Rebecca Rabbit and Pedro Pony.
Hello, everyone!
Happy birthday, Peppa!
Come on, children!
The party is starting!
Hurray!
Daddy Pig is going
to do a magic show!
Peppa, remember What
you have to say,
''Ladies and gentlemen, introducing
the Amazing Mysterio!!''
Okay, Daddy!
Ladies and gentlemen.
Um. It's Magic Daddy!!!
Hurray!
For my first trick!
Abracadabra!
Wow! It's Teddy!
For my next trick, I need a
helper from the audience.
Me! Me! Me! Me!
I just need one!
Young lady, you put
your hand up first.
Can you tell the
audience your name?
Baaa! Suzy Sheep.
Okay, Suzy. Here are three balls.
A red one, a blue one
and a yellow one.
Okay.
You have to secretly choose one
While my back is turned.
Okay.
Have you chosen one?
Yes.
Abracadabra! You chose... Yellow!
No.
Er. Abracadabra!... Blue!
Abracadabra!... Red!
Yes! It is red!
Hurray!
Silly Magic Daddy,
you said all three colors!
Shush... Peppa! Don't tell anyone!
Would you like one more trick?
Yes, please!
Whoooo!
Close your eyes! No looking!
Say the magic Words,
''Abracadabra!''
Ab-Ra-Ca-Dabra!
Open your eyes!
Ooo!
Hurray! My banana birthday cake!!
Blow the candles out, Peppa.
Hurray! Happy birthday, Peppa!
Thank you, everyone!
This is my best birthday ever!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Daddy's Movie Camera!
Mr. Zebra, the postman, is
delivering a parcel
to Peppa's house.
Parcel for you, Mr. Pig!
Thank you, Mr. Zebra.
Goodbye!
Look! I just got a parcel in the post!